 project 120{
You have to create a website template for the case study, this website should have the following things:

    An image which is used for testing.

    First, get at least 10 objects from your home on which you want to do a test, it can be anything like - water bottle,
     ring, pillow, bed, hangers, mobile, glass, spoon, shirt, clothes, switchboard, fan, soap, air conditioner, etc. 
     DONE
     
     And click images of them by using the camera of your phone.  DONE      
     
     After clicking the images of the objects, keep all the objects at a safe place because you will be needing these 
     same objects in the next project.         DONE

    Send the images from your phone to your laptop, if you already know to send images from phone to laptop then great.
    DONE

    If you know how to get images from phone to laptop and didn’t followed the process mentioned in the about video then:

    After you got the images in your laptop, then put all these images in the 
    case-study-project-between-googleLens-mobilenet folder.       DONE

    Rename those images and one by one put these images in the src of the img tag.

    To show the result from Google Lens.

    Define an empty span/p/any tag, in the next project we will fill the text for this.+

    To show the result from a Real Time Image Identification web application(which you are making in the class).

    Define an empty span/p/any tag, in the next project we will fill the text for this.

    A mini conclusion for stating which is more accurate.

    Define an empty span/p/any tag, in the next project we will fill the text for this.

    Create a footer of your name and give style.
    An overall conclusion which mentioned how many images are used, and according to you which method is m``6=-09876543 `st accurate.

    Define an empty span/p/any tag, in the next project we will fill the text for this.

    Use ol tag for keeping the images and results in sequence.
    gb
}